Read the following descriptions of an experiment and its analysis, identify
the flaws in each, and describe what you would do to correct them.


Experiment 1:

The sample consisted of two groups of 50 captured droids each. This implies that there
are 100  captured droids in total that took part in the experiment. In order words
The two groups were exposed to the two slogans:'Give in to your Anger' and
'Together We can Rule the galaxy' respectively. The group to which the slogan
'give in to your anger'  was exposed to, 20 of them were in favor whereas for
the other group, when exposed to the slogan 'together we can rule the galaxy', 5 were in favor
of it.

It may be premature to jump to the conclusion that since 20 is greater than 5, the 'Anger'
slogan must be the winner! The preposition is faulty. That is the comparison under which
the conclusion is drawn is faulty.Therefore the conclusion is faulty.

The second thing I found faulty about this experiment was lack of specificity of
who is doing what and what is being done.

Thirdly the two groups were serve the two slogans by two different individuals.
this is already a bias of context as well as observer bias.


meanwhile here are the few things I would do differently in this experiment:

A systematic randomized method would be used to arrived at the two groups consisting of 50
individuals each.
One messenger e.g Darth Vader should deliver the 'Together' slogan to one group

our hypothesis would be that: we expect more convert with the slogan:Together we can rule
the galaxy than the slogan:Give in to your anger

when we compare the numbers that decided to join the dark side part on the usage of the slogans:
'Together we would rule the galaxy day' against the number that convert to the darkside w
 slogan:Give in to your Anger.


 Experiment 2:

 some of the flaws with experiment this experiment are:

 From the the beginning the  two groups of the Jedi planet have been described or labeled as friendly and
 unfriendly already. The difference should come from the difference in the hope message

 The hypothesis of the experiment is not clear. How can the effect of the visits
of Jar Jar Binks and Mace Windu be measured. Sending two envoys to these planet opens the
experiment to observer bias as a single envoy could have gone with the same objective so as
to reduce the level of suspicion on the result purported to have been achieved.


Meanwhile here are a few things I would have done differently:

Two groups of sample would have been drawn from the pool of the Jedi community.The objective
is to test the difference that would be engendered with the new message of hope

The Jedi should be separated into two groups through a randomized exercise.
Jar Jar Blinks should send the message of hope to a jedi community(treatment group) group
while Mace Windu should be sent to the other group without a message of hope
so that the result should be attributed to the message of hope than the messenger bearing
the message

the hypothesis should be: 'We expect the jedi community that have received a message of hope
from Jar Jar Blinks to have a favorable attitude toward jedi than the group without
a message of hope'

The result from the groups would be compared and if a significant number
have changed their attitude owing to the new message of hope. The Jedi should then spread the
new message of hope to the entire Jedi community.

Experiment 3:

flaws with the experiment:
The HR staff are concentrated in three countries out of the five countries whereas the IT
staff are evenly distributed across the five countries. there is not a level playing field
of both IT and HR staff


what I may do differently

The report must highlight three classes of staff:
job satisfaction of HR staff not in the three countries HR staff are concentrated
Job satisfaction of HR staff within the three countries HR staff are concentrated
Job satisfaction of the IT staff

Then a random sample of two groups should be drawn from the pool of these
three classes of  HR and IT staff




Experiment 4:

 some flaws with this experiment:

 The data collected for those users that opt-in are used for product research purposes
 and not for the research purpose of the users


 what I should do differently:

 Aside that data that may be used to enhance the product/app another data
 about the data on the users activity must be collected and analyzed differently

 If this is done then naturally the users levels of activities would rise in an
 oscillatory manner rather than steadily upwards


 The data collected from users for product research purposes can not but rise
 upwards especially as it's  cumulative.


 Experiment 5:

 some of the flaws with this experiment

 The test version should be randomly distributed.

 what I would do differently:

If the student aren't numbered serially then it would be better to shuffle the various
version of the test together and have student pick a test as the come in

Alternatively, as the student come in they should  pick the stacked questions in a serial
manner e.g first student pick from stacked A question, second student pick from stacked B and
third student pick from stacked C, and fourth student should pick from stacked A
