Outline how you could use an A/B test to find an answer.
Be sure to identify all five key components of an A/B test we outlined above.

Question 1:
Does a new supplement help people sleep better?

In view of using the key components of  A/B testing to solve whether a new supplement
would help people sleep better, we would devise  means of creating two groups wherein
one of such group would be the control group and the other would be the test group
The test group would be administered the supplement whereas the control group wouldn't
or better still given a placebo. The effect of the supplement the treatment group
would be compared against the control group.

Volunteers interested in the test, would be required to register. Through
this registration,  basic information about them is collected especially with
respect to their sleep pattern e.t.c. From this pool of registered volunteers
a randomized  process is used to draw two sample groups. Each member of this
group is equally given a devise that would be used to monitor their sleep
pattern and conditions for analysis.


We would then formulated our hypothesis that says: 'We expect the group that were
administered the supplement to sleep sounder and better than the group that weren't
administered the supplement.'

We would analyzed the sleep tracker devise. This would be analyzed to see the
the number of hour the treatment group sleep at night without interruption or waking
up at the middle of the night.The result of this analysis would be subjected to
measurement so as to certify that groups that take the supplement tens to sleep longer time
uninterrupted than the group without the supplement or under a placebo.


We can equally say from the data gathered at the point of registration that those
that take the supplement aside having sounder sleep tend to perform better at their jobs
as they experience more promotion at their work place or a more social as they tend to be married
or in a relationship.


Question 2:

Will new uniforms help a gym's business?
