Introduction and the statement of  problem

If I put 'please read' in the email subject will more people read my email?

I'm blogger with a focus around the theme of female marginalization. The popular
cliche is that , it's a man's world. Such affirmation, according to research fester
discrimination. The female sex is not seen as an equal of their male counterpart.
This perpetuate a sense of ownership in the male sex. According to Feud, t
he upbringing of a child in a family, shapes the way and manner that child thinks
and behaves in the society. Female discrimination starts in the family, the
smallest unit of the society.

My newsletter is focus on the education of parents in the upbringing of their
children. This is why I'm interested in knowing what I can do to improve the reach
and readership of my newsletters.

The inclusion of 'Please read' in the subject of my email will make more people
open and read my email.

Currently, twenty five percent of my subscribers reads my weekly email. And this
can improve if they get a little nudge from me. To this end I will form two groups.
One group would be emails  sent to my subscribers without placing the 'Please read'
in the subject. The other group would be emails where I place the 'Please read'
in the subject of my emails.
I  will also divid my subscribers into two groups. one group of my subscribers
would received my emails where I placed 'Please read' in the subject of my emails.
And the other group would received my emails where I did not place the
'Please read' in the subject of my emails. This would be done for a period of four weeks.
After this period, I will compare the percentage of my subscribers that read
the emails where I placed 'Please read' in the subject of my email with the percentage
that read my email when I did not placed 'Please read' in the subject of the email.
If the percentage of my subscribers that read my email when I place 'Please read'
in the subject of the email are significantly greater or higher than twenty five percent,
I will placed 'Please read' in my subsequent emails.

Because the experiment has proven that  increased  number of my subscribers  open
and read my emails when I placed, 'Please read' in the subject
And as an extension, we can say that subscribers that read my emails are more
educated in subject of female marginalization than parents that do not subscribed to my email.
