Call out the potential bias in the proposed experiments

Question 1:
You're testing advertising emails for a bathing suit company and you test one
version of the email in February and the other in May.

the above experiment posses the tendency of the following bias:

1.  study context bias:
Both groups aren't given uniform condition under which
the test is carried out. The difference in the testing period already exposes the
group to different experiences. Bathing suit are naturally demanded during summer time
which is close to the month of May as against February that is relatively a winter period
The group's response have the tendency to differ not because of the differences
introduce in the groups by the observer but the different context/atmosphere under which
each group is subjected would have render the result unbalance from the inception
of the test. In other words both groups could have been tested on the same month and on t
he same day if possible so as to give a semblance of a level playing field for the groups


Question 2:

You open a clinic to treat anxiety and find that the people who visit show a
higher rate of anxiety than the general population.

The above test has the tendency to be influence by the following bias:
Observer bias:
When the observer already have a specific opinion either by action or inaction
which border on the outcome of the test such test can not be said to be free from
from the bias of the observer.the doctor in this case has a specialization that is
the treatment of anxiety such a doctor already has a bias for anxiety patients by virtue of
his or her specialization. But the result may be different if for instance the doctor
is a general practitioner that treat and attends to all patient irrespective of the type
of sickness. Under such circumstance we could effectively measure the popularity or
frequency of patients with anxiety as against patient with other type of sickness.




Question 3:

You launch a new ad billboard based campaign and see an increase in
website visits in the first week.


Sampling bias/ selection bias and faulty experiment design
The issue in this test borders on vagueness and ambiguity especially on what the
the experiment is testing. probably the business is trying  a medium of advert different
from what they are used to. maybe the business has been known for advert on print media
with little or no reaction in terms of site visit but then decide to switch to billboard
and the group reaction, in terms of increase site visit is experience within a week. I also think
we could attribute this vague test to a selection bias because we can see the reaction to
the billboard campaign but don't know the group reaction of the previous ad campaign.

Question 4:

You launch a loyalty program but see no change in visits in the first week.

This experiment may be attributed to faulty designs.However a loyalty program
presupposes an existence of a group that have consistently patronize the brand
over the years especially from the inception of the brand. What parameters were used
in the formulation of such group?  for instance if the brand has been doing business
for the past 20 years and has decided to reward customers that have been with them
consistently for the period of time. This could be an option. How about the group that
have been with the brand for less than that period, would they form a different group?
would such a group be part of the royalty program? on the other hand depending on
the experiment that is being  test, to expect reaction within first week may be too ambitious
