Outline how you could use an A/B test to find an answer.
Be sure to identify all five key components of an A/B test we outlined above.

Question 1:
Does a new supplement help people sleep better?

In view of using the key components of  A/B testing to solve whether a new supplement
would help people sleep better, we would devise  means of creating two groups wherein
one of such group would be the control group and the other would be the test group
The test group would be administered the supplement whereas the control group wouldn't
or better still given a placebo. The effect of the supplement the treatment group
would be compared against the control group.

Volunteers interested in the test, would be required to register. Through
this registration,  basic information about them is collected especially with
respect to their sleep pattern e.t.c. From this pool of registered volunteers
a randomized  process is used to draw two sample groups. Each member of this
group is equally given a devise that would be used to monitor their sleep
pattern and conditions for analysis.


We would then formulated our hypothesis that says: 'We expect the group that were
administered the supplement to sleep sounder and better than the group that weren't
administered the supplement.'

We would analyzed the sleep tracker devise. This would be analyzed to see the
the number of hour the treatment group sleep at night without interruption or waking
up at the middle of the night.The result of this analysis would be subjected to
measurement so as to certify that groups that take the supplement tens to sleep longer time
uninterrupted than the group without the supplement or under a placebo.


We can equally say from the data gathered at the point of registration that those
that take the supplement aside having sounder sleep tend to perform better at their jobs
as they experience more promotion at their work place or a more social as they tend to be married
or in a relationship.The we would advocate for taking the supplement to promote better sleep.



Question 2:

Will new uniforms help a gym's business?

In view of applying the component of A/B testing to ascertain whether a new uniform
will help a gyms business, we would first and foremost state that the principal objective
of any business is sales and anything carried out to improve this objective would invariably
help the business.

To this end we would isolate two groups of the gyms business. one of such group would
be an outlet or a branch which could be a controlled group and another group or outlet/ branch
of the gym which would be a test group. The test group would receive the treatment of new uniforms
whereas the control group won't.

our sample would be the  customer in form of the  patronage. And as usual records
of these customer who are subscribers to the gym's services would be obtained. Thus
one group of these subscriber and potential subscribers would exclusively attend a group
where the new uniform is introduced and the other group without no new uniform is observed and
compared and contrasted.

we would then state our hypothesis : 'we expect the gym where new uniforms are introduced
to experience increased subscribers to its services and overall bottom line improvement against the
outlet or group where the status quo remained'

the outcome would be measured and analyzed based on the number of the new subscribers the gym added or otherwise
across both the controlled and testing groups or outlets. Thus the gym that introduced new
uniform would experience or add more new subscribers to its services than the gym(s)that didn't
we then subsequently resolved to change the gym's uniforms as this would lead to increased subscribers
and better bottom line for the gym

We can then also say in the form of other measured variable, that gym subscriber where the new uniforms are introduced tend to attend more
sessions and achieve their individual goals faster than subscribers where no uniform is introduced.
We would then advocate for the introduction of new uniforms in the gym



Question 3:

Will a new homepage improve my online exotic pet rental business?


Question 4:

If I put 'please read' in the email subject will more people read my emails?

In view of applying the components of A/B testing, whether more people read my emails
if I put 'please read ' in the email subject, we would first and foremost come up with
two groups: the controlled group, where the email is without 'please read' in the
the email subject and the testing group which is equally referred to as the treatment
group which would have 'please read' in the email subject. with this two groups we would
be able to observed and measured the reaction of our sample readers. Do they read open and read
email with 'please read' more than email without the 'please read' instruction in the
the email subject.

The sample would be drawn from the pool of  subscribers to the newsletters whose information
or details is on file or data base. Through a randomized method two sample groups would be fashioned out
and to one of such group would be sent emails with the 'please read' instruction in the email subject and to the
other sample group would be sent email without the 'please read' instruction in the subject of the
of the email. The reaction of these sample subscriber would be observed and
compared based on our hypothesis.

Our hypothesis would be: "We expect the emails sent with 'please read' in the email subject
to be read by greater number of the newsletters subscribers than the emails sent without
the 'please read' place in the email subject"

in view of outcome, we would compared and contrast  the numbers of subscribers
in the treatment group that read the emails where it's indicated in the email subeject:
'please read' against those that received emails without the 'please read' instruction
in the emails subject. We should see more subscribers reading the emails that had 'please read' is
indicated in the emails subject than when it is not. With this we could also draw
a less principal variable base on the details of the subscribers of the newsletter


To this end with respect of other measured variable, subscribers that read the emails where
'please read' is in the subject of the emails tend to be from a particular gender or
reside in a particular geographic location. Thus we would  advocate that subsequent mails
should carry the 'please read' instruction in the subject.
