Categorize each of the following research questions as "good" or "bad", and
provide alternative formulations for the bad ones

Research question 1:

What is the 1994 rate of juvenile delinquency in the U.S?

Answer: Good question. Because we can isolate the juvenile delinquency for a particular
year in a specified area/location, from data the data set

Research Question 2:

What can we do to reduce juvenile delinquency in the U.S?

Answer: Bad Question.The question is an open ended one. Alternatively we could have
said: Is there a correlation between education and reduction of juvenile delinquency?

Research Question 3:

Does education play a role in reducing juvenile delinquents return to crime?
Answer: Good question. The data can answer this question if we can draw a correlation

Research Question 4:

How many customers does AT&T currently serve?

Answer: Good question. The total number of AT&T subscribers can be extracted from the data

Research Question 5:

What factors lead consumers to choose AT&T over other service providers

Answer: Bad question. Alternatively we could say: What is the correlation between
AT&T customer service(response time to customer's issues) and the customer retention/loyalty?

Research Question 6:
How can AT&T attract more customers?
Answer: Bad question. Alternatively we could say: Is there a correlation between
AT&T discount and increase patronage?

Research Question 7:

Why did the Challenger Shuttle explode?

Answer : Bad Question. Alternatively we could say: Is there a relationship between
engine failure and the explosion of the Challenger Shuttle?

Research Question 8:
which genes are associated with increased risk of breast cancer.
Answer Bad question. Alternatively we could say, Is there a strong correlation between the genes
and increased risk of breast cancer

Research Question 9:

Is it better to read to children at night or in the morning.
Answer: Bad Question. Alternatively we could say:  Do children that are read to in the morning
perform better than student that are read to at night?

Research Question 10:
How does Google's search algorithm work?
Answer: Bad Question. Alternatively we could say: Does the Google's search algorithm perform better
than Gogoduck search algorithm?
